BUG: Fix arrow extension array assignment by repeated key (#58616)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v3.0.0.rst

ExtensionArray
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
- Bug in :meth:`api.types.is_datetime64_any_dtype` where a custom :class:`ExtensionDtype` would return ``False`` for array-likes (:issue:`57055`)

> - Bug in :meth:`core.arrays.ExtensionArray.__setitem__` which caused wrong behaviour when using an integer array with repeated values as a key (:issue:`58530`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`.arrays.ArrowExtensionArray.__setitem__` which caused wrong behavior when using an integer array with repeated values as a key (:issue:`58530`)
```
